[material-ui][joy-ui] Add `InitColorSchemeScript` for Next.js App Router (#42829)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/customization/dark-mode/dark-mode.md

### Avoiding screen flickering

> To [prevent the UI from flickering](/joy-ui/main-features/dark-mode-optimization/#the-problem-flickering-on-first-load), apply `<InitColorSchemeScript />` before the main application script－it varies across frameworks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [prevent the UI from flickering](/joy-ui/main-features/dark-mode-optimization/#the-problem-flickering-on-first-load), add the `<InitColorSchemeScript />` component before the `<CssVarsProvider />` component:
```
Maybe rephrase, as it is no longer a script.
